hi it's little boogie-woogie riff which
are let's teach you it goes
except on cetera okay play this and you
can either do two things about it you
can go a quick chromatic scale some C up
to E or you can just go so starts off in
C sub D E flat B flat D a
that's lucky
you'll see G and B flat second time you
can either do that chromatic again we
can just do a simple it's quite hard to
do that chromatic scale quite fast so I
wanna do the simple version so feed it
so now for F you can either do same C go
up from the F to the a flat let's go so
that's F sharp G flat F G da do you see
anything G
and then you go in to do that once down
to the F and the baseline you can just
do
I'll take koala practice just to get
those two coordinated or you can just do
and there's a ref I have the house